React Native



“Learn once, write everywhere.” instead of “Write once, use everywhere.”


React[Native] is something added to the normal React
React + React[Native]


JSX are not HTML; no <div> or <spam>; they are not DOM elements
		=> Compile to:
Real Native App


React[Native] replaces the DOM and give us an alternative DOM that functions like a native app.


        Native Apps, Web Apps, Hybrid Apps?
        https://www.mobiloud.com/blog/native-web-or-hybrid-apps/

        As of 2018, Android controls about 88% of the mobile device market worldwide, and Apple owns most of the rest.

        Android is developed and supported by Google, often considered a more open platform compared to Apple.

        In fact, Android is an open source operating system, which means that a number of device makers can use Android on their devices. Google sells a few devices of its own, but many Android users are using devices built by other companies like Samsung, Huawei, LG, HTC, etc.

        Web Apps

        Don’t let the word “app” confuse you, though. Web apps don’t need to be downloaded like mobile apps do.

        Web apps load in browsers like Chrome, Safari, or Firefox and they don’t take up any memory or storage on the user’s device.

        Mobile Apps

        There are two kinds of mobile apps: native and hybrid.

        Push Notifications

        Only mobile apps give you the opportunity to send well-timed push notifications to re-engage users.

        According to data from Localytics, when a user opts in to receive push notifications, they will launch your app 88% more than a user who doesn’t receive them.

        Native Apps

        Unlike web apps that are written primarily in Javascript, native apps are applications written in languages that the platform they are being built for accepts. For example, Swift or Objective-C is used to write native iOS apps, Java is used to write native Android apps, and C# for the most part for Windows Phone apps.

        Native apps offer the fastest, most reliable and most responsive experience to users.

        React Native

        With React Native you can build a real mobile app that’s indistinguishable from an app built using Objective-C or Java.

        You just use JavaScript and React to put it together.

        There are some pretty heavy-hitters using React Native, including Facebook, Walmart, Tesla, and Airbnb. You can check out some React Native apps here and here. 





